GA function calling in prompt evals (#250)
vellum-ai/vellum-client-generator: fern/docs/content/change-log/2024-05.mdx

title: Changelog | May, 2024
---

## Function Calling in Prompt Evaluation

> Prompts that output function calls can now be evaluated in test suites. This allows users to define expected function call outputs using our first-class display and edit interfaces for evaluating prompts outputting function calls. For more, check out our [docs](/help-center/evaluation/quantitative-evaluation#function-calling).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prompts that output function calls can now be evaluated via Test Suites. This allows you to define Test Cases consisting of the inputs to the prompt, and the expected function call, then assert that there's a match. For more, check out our [docs](/help-center/evaluation/quantitative-evaluation#function-calling).
```
